Task-1 Introduction
Let's proceed	Nothing required

Task-2 Deploy the machine
Login to Linux fundamentals Part-3 machine using SSH and have deployed the AttackBox successfully.
Nothing required

Task-3 Text Editors
1. 	Create a file using Nano	Nothing required
2. 	Edit "task3" located in "tryhackme"'s home directory using Nano. What is the flag?
	THM{TEXT_EDITORS}

Task-4 General/Useful Utilities
1. 	Ensure you are connected to the deployed instance.	Nothing required
2. 	Now, use Python 3's "HTTPServer" module to start a web server in the home directory of the "tryhackme" user on the deployed machine.
Nothing required
3. 	Download the file http://x.x.x.x:8000/.flag.txt onto the TryHackMe AttackBox.
Need to have 2 SSH logins here, I used tryhackme user. 
	1 login to setup Python3 web server and 
	2 to download the file using wget command

First login, run this command
	python3 -m "http.server"
Second login, run this command
	wget http://x.x.x.x:8000/.flag.txt

	THM{WGET_WEBSERVER}

4. 	Use Ctrl + C to stop the Python3 HTTPServer module once you are finished.
	Nothing required

Task-5 Process 101
1. 	Read Me 	nothing required
2. 	If we were to launch a process where the previous ID was "300", what would the ID of this new process be?
	Need to remember here that ID is always increamental by +1, provided that no new process is created.
	301
3. 	If we wanted to cleanly kill a process, what signal would we send it?
	SIGTERM -- kill the process, but allow it to do some cleanup tasks beforehand.
4. 	What command would we use to stop the service "myservice"?
	systemctl stop myservice
5. 	What command would we use to start the same service on the boot-up of the system?
	systemctl enable myservice
6. 	What command would we use to bring a previously backgrounded process back to the foreground?
	fg

Task-6 Maintaining your System: Automation
1.	Ensure you are connected to the deployed instance and look at the running crontabs.
	Nothing required
2.	When will the crontab on the deployed instance (x.x.x.x) run?
	this is very tricky as there is no listed scheduled tasks except one, i.e., reboot /var/opt/processes.sh
	@reboot

Task-7 Maintaining your System Package Management
1.	Since TryHackMe instances do not have an internet connection.. this task only requires you to read through the material.
	Nothing required.

Task-8 Maintaining Your System: Logs
1.	Look for the apache2 logs on the deployable Linux machine	
	Nothing required
2.	What is the IP address of the user who visited the site?
	10.9.232.111
3.	What file did they access?
	cattsanddogs.jpg

Task-9 Conclusions
	Nothing required










